# fileflows-scripts

## Available DockerMods

- Faster-Whisper-XXL
- Handbrake-CLI
- SubtitleEdit-CLI

## Available Scripts

### Generate Subtitles
Requires: Faster-Whisper-XXL & SubtitleEdit-CLI

Checks for external subtitles (Add 'Video Has Stream' to your flow to also check for internal subs) and process audio with Whisper if no subtitles are found. Subtitles generated by Whisper are then processed with Subtitle Edit.

User can specify subtitle extensions, Whisper model, and language.

## NOTE
While the Faster-Whisper-XXL & SubtitleEdit DockerMods work, I recommend using an external storage location for installing these packages instead of relying on DockerMods. The reason is that DockerMods are re-installed every time the Docker container restarts, which can be inefficient and time-consuming.

By mounting an external storage location to the container (using a Docker volume), you can store the necessary packages persistently outside the container. This way, the packages are only installed once, and any subsequent restarts of the container will not trigger reinstallation. This approach reduces downtime and improves the overall efficiency of the setup.

To do this, you can create a Docker volume or bind mount a directory from the host machine to a specific path inside the container. For example:

`docker run -v /mnt/user/appdata/fileflows/custom:/user/local/bin/custom ...`

By following this method, you'll maintain the benefits of DockerMods without the overhead of repetitive installations, leading to a more streamlined and efficient process.